Release 1.72.0 (#4668)
wordpress-mobile/gutenberg-mobile: RELEASE-NOTES.txt

Unreleased
---

## 1.72.0
---
* [*] Add GIF badge for animated GIFs uploaded to Image blocks [https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/38996]
* [*] Small refinement to media upload errors, including centering and tweaking copy. [https://github.com/wordpress-mobile/gutenberg-mobile/pull/4597]
* [*] Update gesture handler and reanimated libraries [https://github.com/wordpress-mobile/gutenberg-mobile/pull/4615]

> * [*] Pass the ol start and reversed to native RichText too [https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/39354]

Reviewer: Thanks for adding the missing release note @jhnstn !

WDYT about the following phrasing for it (the one from the PR title is probably too technical for the app stores):
```suggestion
* [*] Fix issue with list's starting index and the order [https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/39354]
```

Author: Sounds good, I'll make the same update everywhere else.
